Update ClusterEnvironment documentation (#60)
primaza/primaza: docs/entities/clusterenvironment.md

### Creation

> When a Cluster Environment is created, Primaza verifies the connection to the cluster and, if the connection test passes, its permissions in application and service namespaces.

Reviewer: This sentence is not clear did you mean something like this:
When a Cluster Environment is created, Primaza verifies the connection to the cluster, whether the connection test passes,  and its permissions to application and service namespaces.

Reviewer: looks good to me

For each service and application namespace on which permissions are granted, Primaza pushes respectively the service or application agent.

Cluster Environment's State and Conditions are updated according to tests and agents' deployment results.

### Deletion

When a Cluster Environment is deleted, the permissions granted in Primaza's namespace to Users associated to namespace agents and agent deployments on target cluster's namespaces are removed.

### Update

> As on [creation](#creation), Primaza verifies the connection and its permissions and reconciles application and service namespaces.

Reviewer: Something like this: As on [creation](#creation), Primaza verifies the connection and permissions to application and service namespaces.

Author: What do you think about the following?

```suggestion
As on [creation](#creation), Primaza verifies the connection to and its permissions into the target cluster. Finally, it pushes agents in cluster's application and service namespaces.
```
